Validation: Duplicate alt text and missing description error fixes. (#1440)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/winforms/advanced/overview-of-graphics.md

---
title: "Overview of Graphics"

> description: Learn how the GDI+ application programming interface (API) forms the subsystem of the Microsoft Windows OS and displays information on screens and printers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how the GDI+ application programming interface (API) forms the subsystem of the Microsoft Windows operating system, which displays information on screens and printers.
```
